# what-do-I-do-here-
What is thiz? I don't get how this works send help!
Do I just start writing code here? What do I do? I know I am to blame for not exploring this earlier. I still live with my parents and they turn the wifi off at night and I always remember to open GitHub at night so I'm usually stressin' when I'm here. I will explore GitHub tomorrow morning. For now, I'll leave this. (5.22.25)
Update I did not open github earlier and not it's 11:46pm and the wifi is about to be cut off. (5.23.25)

I forgot to open github yesterday lol, at this point I'm just going to make this a daily journal from now on. I just want to fill those tiny boxes green tbh. (5.25.25)
I'm goona try to make this fast 'cause it's currently 11:55pm. I stopped the html course on freecodecamp (for now). I tried the SQL island game last night and then this afternoon at 2pm I finished the game and got a certificate. I then started the relations database course on freecodecamp and so far I've finished 2 lessons from it. I'm now sure that I really would focus on being a data analyst/scientist or anything that has to do with data and pays well as a job. That's all bye (5.26.25 11:59pm)
Yesterday I finished two lessons from the relations database course on freecodecamp, then I went to sleep. This morning I tried the third lesson without reading the description. I did not know it was a project type, I was lost cuz I kinda forgot the lesson I did the night before lol. I then gave up and closed the tab. Unlucky me I did not save what I already accomplished, I overlooked the instructions on top and only noticed it when I tried to open it again hoping to continue my work. That was in the morning, after that I just lazed around scrolling through my phone and stuff. I also did some research about an hour ago about the actuarial exams. That's it for today. I'll try to finish that 3rd lesson in freecodecamp tomorrow. Oh another thing, I just found out I got waitlisted at one of my backup colleges. (5.27.25  11:23pm)
I just finished one of the projects needed to get a certificate in relational database (I just realized it wasn't relations lol) in freecodecamp. It was making a celestial bodies database, I gave up on it yesterday but lukily I coninued it today and now I'm done. I was confused on how to submit the link needed though. Lucky me, there was a some kind of forum and there was a detailed instruction on how to make a repository on github and get the link and send it, I am now done with it and will continue tomorrow. I also kinda learned a bit about github but I think I'll still use this as somewhat of a journal LOL. That's all for today. (5.28.25 11:07pm)
